add an improved readme for the project (#2)
tgbugs/pdfshuffler: README.md

In order to install run:

>     python setup.py install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `python setup.py install`
```

as superuser.

## What's new in this version:

* Port to Gtk+3 (new dependency on gir1.2-poppler-0.18).

## Known issues:

* High memory consumption.

* No autoscrolling during navigation with the keyboard arrows.

## Development

> You'll need this libraries installed in your system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need these libraries installed in your system:
```
